New admin cluster config commands doc (#15848)
ydb-platform/ydb: ydb/docs/en/core/reference/ydb-cli/configs.md

```bash
# Apply the configuration dynconfig.yaml to the cluster

> {{ ydb-cli }} admin cluster config replace -f dynconfig.yaml

Reviewer: Старая команда admin config работает или уже нет?

Author: Старая команда работает, по сути просто алиас на новую команду

{{ ydb-cli }} admin cluster config replace -f dynconfig.yaml --dry-run
# Apply the configuration dynconfig.yaml to the cluster, ignoring version and cluster checks (version and cluster will still be overwritten with correct ones)
{{ ydb-cli }} admin cluster config replace -f dynconfig.yaml --force
# Fetch the main cluster configuration
{{ ydb-cli }} admin cluster config fetch
# Fetch all current configuration files of the cluster
{{ ydb-cli }} admin cluster config fetch --all
# Generate all possible final configurations for dynconfig.yaml
{{ ydb-cli }} admin cluster config resolve --all -f dynconfig.yaml
# Generate the final configuration for dynconfig.yaml with labels tenant=/Root/test and canary=true
{{ ydb-cli }} admin cluster config resolve -f dynconfig.yaml --label tenant=/Root/test --label canary=true
# Generate the final configuration for dynconfig.yaml for labels from node 1003
{{ ydb-cli }} admin cluster config resolve -f dynconfig.yaml --node-id 1003
# Generate dynamic configuration file, based on static configuration on cluster
{{ ydb-cli }} admin cluster config genereate
# Initialize directory with configuration, using path to configuration file

> {{ ydb-cli }} admin node config init --config-dir <путь до директории> --from-config <путь до файла конфигурации>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{ ydb-cli }} admin node config init --config-dir <path_to_directory> --from-config <path_to_configuration_file>
```

# Initialize directory with configuration, using configuration from the cluster

> {{ ydb-cli }} admin node config init --config-dir <путь до директории> --seed-node <эндпоинт узла кластера>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{ ydb-cli }} admin node config init --config-dir <path_to_directory> --seed-node <cluster_node_endpoint>
```
